User story 1 - Login: 
As a user, I want to be able to login to my account, so that I can shop for my desired items.

Acceptance Criteria:
1. Given that a user navigates to https://www.saucedemo.com/
2. When they enter valid username and password in the login form
3. Then they should be successfully logged in to their account.


User story 2 - Product Search by Alphabeth:
As a user, I want to search through the catalogue so that I can quickly find my desired products.

Acceptance Criteria:
1. Given that a user is logged in to their account and on the products page
2. When they use the filter button to sort items 
3. Then the products are listed in either ascending or decending alphabetical order

User story 3- Product Search by Price:
As a user, I want to be able to filter pridycts by price, so that I can quickly find items that best suit my budget.

Acceptance Criteria:
1. Given that a user is logged in to their account and on the products page
2. When they click on the filter button to sort items by price
3. Then the items are listed from lowest to highest price, or from highest to lowest price.

User Story 4- Add Item to Cart:
As a user, I want to be able to add items to cart so that I may purchase them immediately or at a future time.

Acceptance Criteria:
1. Given that a user is logged in and on the products page
2. When they find a desired item and click to add to Cart
3. Then the cart icon at the top of the page will show an increase by one
4. And when they navigate to their cart
5. Then they will find the item they added to their cart.

User Story 5- Item Checkout:
As a user, I want to be able to checkout the items in my cart, so that I can complete purchase of my desired items.

Acceptance Criteria:
1. Given that a user is logged in, and in their cart where there are 1 or more items
2. When they click 'checkout'
3. Then they are redirected to the next page to enter their first and last name and postal code
4. Then they can review the items and information of their purchase
5. When they click on finish
6. Then items should be successfully checked out and dispatched.

User Story 6- Delete Item from Cart:
As a user, I want to be able to delete from my cart items I no longer intend to purchase.

Acceptance Criteria:
1. Given that a user is logged in and in their cart where there are some items
2. When they click 'remove' on an item
3. Then the item should be deleted from their cart
4. And the cart icon number should decrease by 1

